fix(Dropdown): add min-width and max-width in menu trigger dropdown (#1230)
razorpay/blade: .changeset/nice-bears-doubt.md

---
"@razorpay/blade": patch
---

> fix: added min-width & styled props support for dropdown overlay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: added min-width and max-width in Menu trigger Dropdown to fix width issues
```
